# Terms of Service

Last revised on [10-04-2022]

## The Gist

[Intra] operates the [NOMAD ATLAS, DARKMAP, SNAPCAL SCANNER] service, which we hope you use. If you use it, please use it responsibly. If you don't, we'll have to terminate your account.

For paid accounts, you'll be charged on a monthly basis. You can cancel anytime, but there are no refunds.

You own the source code that you provide to [NOMAD ATLAS, DARKMAP, SNAPCAL SCANNER] and you're responsible for keeping it safe.

The Terms of Service, [NOMAD ATLAS, DARKMAP, SNAPCAL SCANNER] itself, and our prices can change at any time. We'll warn you 30 days in advance of any price changes. We'll try to warn you about major changes to the Terms of Service or [NOMAD ATLAS, DARKMAP, SNAPCAL SCANNER], but we make no guarantees.

That's the basic idea, but You must read through the entire Terms of Service below and agree with all the details before You use any of our sites (whether or not you have created an account).

## Reuse

This document is an adaptation of the Heroku Terms of Service, which is turn an adaptation of the Google App Engine Terms of Service. The original work has been modified with permission under the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License. Neither Heroku, Inc. nor Google, Inc. is not connected with and does not sponsor or endorse [INTRA] or its use of the work.

You're welcome to adapt and use this document for your own needs. If you make an improvement, we'd appreciate it if you would let us know so we can consider improving our own document.

##Your Agreement with [INTRA]
Your use of the [INTRA] service is governed by this agreement (the "Terms"). "[INTRA]" means [INTRA] Inc. The "Service" means the services [INTRA] makes available include our web sites ([URL] and [URL]), our blog, our API, and any other software, sites, and services offered by [INTRA] in connection to any of those. "Customer Source Code" means any source code you submit to [INTRA] for the purpose of using the Service. "Content" means all content generated by [INTRA] on your behalf (including metric data) and does not include Customer Source Code.

In order to use the Service, You (the "Customer", "You", or "Your") must first agree to the Terms. You understand and agree that [INTRA] will treat Your use of the Service as acceptance of the Terms from that point onwards.

[INTRA] may make changes to the Terms from time to time. You may reject the changes by terminating Your account. You understand and agree that if You use the Service after the date on which the Terms have changed, [INTRA] will treat Your use as acceptance of the updated Terms.

If you have any question about the Terms, please contact us at [CONTACT EMAIL].

## Your Account

You may not use the Service if You are a person barred from receiving the Service under the laws of the United States or other countries, including the country in which You are resident or from which You use the Service.
You may not use the service unless you are over the age of 13.
You must be a human. Account created by automated methods are not permitted.
Use of the Service
You must provide accurate and complete registration information any time You register to use the Service.
You are responsible for the security of Your passwords and for any use of Your account.
Your use of the Service must comply with all applicable laws, regulations and ordinances.
You agree to not engage in any activity that interferes with or disrupts the Service.
[INTRA] reserves the right to enforce quotas and usage limits (to any resources, including the API) at its sole discretion, with or without notice, which may result in [INTRA] disabling or throttling your usage of the Service for any amount of time.
You may not allow multiple people to use the same account or otherwise access the Service in a manner intended to avoid incurring fees.
Service Policies and Privacy
The Service shall be subject to the privacy policy for the Service available at privacy policy. You agree to the use of Your data in accordance with [INTRA]'s privacy policies.

## Fees for Use of the Service

The Service may be provided to You without charge up with certain limits or for a certain "trial" period of time.
Usage over this limit (or after the "trial" period) requires Your purchase of additional resources or services.
For all purchased resources and services, we will charge Your credit card on a monthly basis.
Payments are non-refundable. There will be no refunds or credits for partial months of service, upgrade/downgrade refunds, or refunds for months unused with an open account.
Charges are solely based on [INTRA]'s measurements of Your use of the Service, unless otherwise agreed to in writing.
All fees are exclusive of all taxes, levies, or duties imposed by taxing authorities, and You shall be responsible for payment of all such taxes, levies, or duties.
You acknowledge and agree that any credit card and related billing and payment information that You provide to [INTRA] may be shared by [INTRA] with companies who work on [INTRA]'s behalf, such as payment processors and/or credit agencies, solely for the purposes of checking credit, effecting payment to [INTRA] and servicing Your account.
[INTRA] may change its fees and payment policies for the Service by notifying You at least thirty (30) days before the beginning of the billing cycle in which such change will take effect.
Cancellation and Termination
You must cancel Your account via [URL]. An email or phone request to cancel Your account is not considered cancellation.
You will not receive any refunds if You cancel Your account.
If You cancel the Service before the end of Your current paid up month, Your cancellation will take effect immediately and You will not be charged again.
All of Customer Source Code and Content will, within a reasonable amount of time to be determined solely by [INTRA], be deleted from the Service upon cancellation.
You agree that [INTRA], in its sole discretion and for any or no reason, may terminate or suspend Your account. You agree that any termination of Your access to the Service may be without prior notice, and You agree that [INTRA] will not be liable to You or any third party for such termination.
Customer Source Code
[INTRA] claims no ownership or control over any Customer Source Code. You retain copyright and any other rights You already hold in the Customer Source Code and You are responsible for protecting those rights, as appropriate.
You agree to assume full responsibility for configuring the Service to allow appropriate access to any Customer Source code provided to the Service.
You understand that public projects display Customer Source Code to any party on the Internet, including search engines and web spiders.
You understand that private projects will display Customer Source Code to You and any collaborators that you designate for that project.
You retain sole responsibility for any collaborators or third-party services that you allow to view Customer Source Code and entrust them at your own risk.
[INTRA] is not responsible if you fail to configure, or misconfigure, your project and inadvertently allow unauthorized parties view any Customer Source Code.
Ideas and Feedback
You may choose to or we may invite You to submit comments or ideas about the Service, including but not limited to ideas about improving the Service or our products ("Ideas"). By submitting any Idea, You agree that Your disclosure is unsolicited and without restriction and will not place [INTRA] under any fiduciary or other obligation, and that we are free to use the Idea without any additional compensation to You, and/or to disclose the Idea on a non-confidential basis or otherwise to anyone.

## Modification of the Service

You acknowledge and agree that the Service may change from time to time without prior notice to You.
Changes include, without limitation, changes to fee and payment policies, security patches, added or removed functionality, and other enhancements or restrictions.
[INTRA] shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, price change, suspension or discontinuance of the Service.
External Resources
The Services may include hyperlinks to other web sites or content or resources or email content. You acknowledge and agree that [INTRA] is not responsible for the availability of any such external sites or resources, and does not endorse any advertising, products or other materials on or available from such web sites or resources.

## License from [INTRA] and Restrictions

[INTRA] gives You a personal, worldwide, royalty-free, non-assignable and non-exclusive license to use the software provided to You by [INTRA] as part of the Service as provided to You by [INTRA]. This license is for the sole purpose of enabling You to use and enjoy the benefit of the Service as provided by [INTRA], in the manner permitted by the Terms.

You may not (and You may not permit anyone else to): (a) copy, modify, create a derivative work of, reverse engineer, decompile or otherwise attempt to extract the source code of the Service or any part thereof, unless this is expressly permitted or required by law, or unless You have been specifically told that You may do so by [INTRA], in writing (e.g., through an open source software license); or (b) attempt to disable or circumvent any security mechanisms used by the Service.

Open source software licenses for components of the Service released under an open source license constitute separate written agreements. To the limited extent that the open source software licenses expressly supersede these Terms, the open source licenses govern Your agreement with [INTRA] for the use of the components of the Service released under an open source license.

## Exclusion of warranties

You expressly understand and agree that your use of the service is at your sole risk and that the service is provided "as is" and "as available.".
You agree that [INTRA] has no responsibility or liability for the deletion or failure to store any Content and other communications maintained or transmitted through use of the Service. You further acknowledge that You are solely responsible for securing and backing up Customer Source Code.
[INTRA] does not warrant to you that: (a) your use of the service will meet your requirements, (b) your use of the service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or free from error, (c) the results or data provided by the Service will be accurate, (d) the quality of the service will meet your expectations and (e) any errors in the Service will be fixed.
Limitation of liability
You expressly understand and agree that [INTRA], its subsidiaries and affiliates, and its licensors shall not be liable to you for any direct, indirect, incidental, special consequential or exemplary damages which may be incurred by you, however caused and under any theory of liability. This shall include, but not be limited to, any loss of profit (whether incurred directly or indirectly), any loss of goodwill or business reputation, any loss of data suffered, cost of procurement of substitute goods or services, or other intangible loss (whether or not [INTRA] has been advised of or should have been aware of the possibility of any such losses arising).

## Indemnification

You agree to hold harmless and indemnify [INTRA], and its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents, employees, advertisers, licensors, suppliers or partners (collectively "[INTRA] and Partners") from and against any third party claim arising from or in any way related to (a) Your breach of the Terms, (b) Your use of the Service, (c) Your violation of applicable laws, rules or regulations in connection with the Service, or (d) Your Customer Source Code, including any liability or expense arising from all claims, losses, damages (actual and consequential), suits, judgments, litigation costs and attorneys' fees, of every kind and nature. In such a case, [INTRA] will provide You with written notice of such claim, suit or action.

## General Legal Terms

The Terms constitute the whole legal agreement between You and [INTRA] and govern Your use of the Service and completely replace any prior agreements between You and [INTRA] in relation to the Service.

You agree that if [INTRA] does not exercise or enforce any legal right or remedy which is contained in the Terms (or which [INTRA] has the benefit of under any applicable law), this will not be taken to be a formal waiver of [INTRA]'s rights and that those rights or remedies will still be available to [INTRA].

[INTRA] shall not be liable for failing or delaying performance of its obligations resulting from any condition beyond its reasonable control, including but not limited to, governmental action, acts of terrorism, earthquake, fire, flood or other acts of God, labor conditions, power failures, and Internet disturbances.

---

# Privacy Policy

Your privacy is important to us. It is Intra's policy to respect your privacy and comply with any applicable law and regulation regarding any personal information we may collect about you, including across our website, and other sites we own and operate.

This policy is effective as of 10 April 2022 and was last updated on 10 April 2022.

## Information We Collect

Information we collect includes both information you knowingly and actively provide us when using or participating in any of our services and promotions, and any information automatically sent by your devices in the course of accessing our products and services.

## Log Data

When you visit our website, our servers may automatically log the standard data provided by your web browser. It may include your device’s Internet Protocol (IP) address, your browser type and version, the pages you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on each page, other details about your visit, and technical details that occur in conjunction with any errors you may encounter.

Please be aware that while this information may not be personally identifying by itself, it may be possible to combine it with other data to personally identify individual persons.

## Personal Information

We may ask for personal information which may include one or more of the following:
Email

## Legitimate Reasons for Processing Your Personal Information

We only collect and use your personal information when we have a legitimate reason for doing so. In which instance, we only collect personal information that is reasonably necessary to provide our services to you.

## Collection and Use of Information

We may collect personal information from you when you do any of the following on our website:

Use a mobile device or web browser to access our content
Contact us via email, social media, or on any similar technologies
When you mention us on social media
We may collect, hold, use, and disclose information for the following purposes, and personal information will not be further processed in a manner that is incompatible with these purposes:

We may collect, hold, use, and disclose information for the following purposes, and personal information will not be further processed in a manner that is incompatible with these purposes:

to enable you to access and use our website, associated applications, and associated social media platforms
Please be aware that we may combine information we collect about you with general information or research data we receive from other trusted sources.

Security of Your Personal Information
When we collect and process personal information, and while we retain this information, we will protect it within commercially acceptable means to prevent loss and theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use, or modification.

Although we will do our best to protect the personal information you provide to us, we advise that no method of electronic transmission or storage is 100% secure, and no one can guarantee absolute data security. We will comply with laws applicable to us in respect of any data breach.

You are responsible for selecting any password and its overall security strength, ensuring the security of your own information within the bounds of our services.

How Long We Keep Your Personal Information
We keep your personal information only for as long as we need to. This time period may depend on what we are using your information for, in accordance with this privacy policy. If your personal information is no longer required, we will delete it or make it anonymous by removing all details that identify you.

However, if necessary, we may retain your personal information for our compliance with a legal, accounting, or reporting obligation or for archiving purposes in the public interest, scientific, or historical research purposes or statistical purposes.

## Children’s Privacy

We do not aim any of our products or services directly at children under the age of 13, and we do not knowingly collect personal information about children under 13.

## International Transfers of Personal Information

The personal information we collect is stored and/or processed where we or our partners, affiliates, and third-party providers maintain facilities. Please be aware that the locations to which we store, process, or transfer your personal information may not have the same data protection laws as the country in which you initially provided the information. If we transfer your personal information to third parties in other countries: (i) we will perform those transfers in accordance with the requirements of applicable law; and (ii) we will protect the transferred personal information in accordance with this privacy policy.

## Your Rights and Controlling Your Personal Information

You always retain the right to withhold personal information from us, with the understanding that your experience of our website may be affected. We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights over your personal information. If you do provide us with personal information you understand that we will collect, hold, use and disclose it in accordance with this privacy policy. You retain the right to request details of any personal information we hold about you.

If we receive personal information about you from a third party, we will protect it as set out in this privacy policy. If you are a third party providing personal information about somebody else, you represent and warrant that you have such person’s consent to provide the personal information to us.

If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time. We will provide you with the ability to unsubscribe from our email-database or opt out of communications. Please be aware we may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity.

If you believe that any information we hold about you is inaccurate, out of date, incomplete, irrelevant, or misleading, please contact us using the details provided in this privacy policy. We will take reasonable steps to correct any information found to be inaccurate, incomplete, misleading, or out of date.

If you believe that we have breached a relevant data protection law and wish to make a complaint, please contact us using the details below and provide us with full details of the alleged breach. We will promptly investigate your complaint and respond to you, in writing, setting out the outcome of our investigation and the steps we will take to deal with your complaint. You also have the right to contact a regulatory body or data protection authority in relation to your complaint.

## Use of Cookies

We use “cookies” to collect information about you and your activity across our site. A cookie is a small piece of data that our website stores on your computer, and accesses each time you visit, so we can understand how you use our site. This helps us serve you content based on preferences you have specified.

## Limits of Our Policy

Our website may link to external sites that are not operated by us. Please be aware that we have no control over the content and policies of those sites, and cannot accept responsibility or liability for their respective privacy practices.

## Changes to This Policy

At our discretion, we may change our privacy policy to reflect updates to our business processes, current acceptable practices, or legislative or regulatory changes. If we decide to change this privacy policy, we will post the changes here at the same link by which you are accessing this privacy policy.

If required by law, we will get your permission or give you the opportunity to opt in to or opt out of, as applicable, any new uses of your personal information.

Contact Us
For any questions or concerns regarding your privacy, you may contact us using the following details:

Privacy
privacy at intra.io
